# Contributors guide {#sec-contributors-guide}

We are hoping that you have arrived at this chapter because you have found an
error in the book, or you have thought of an improvement that you would like to
share.

There are two ways of letting us know about errors or fixes.

## The easiest way — making an *issue*

The simplest method is to make a new "issue" using the Github website interface
that we use to house the book.  To do this, go to
<https://github.com/resampling-stats/resampling-with/issues>, and click on the
green "New Issue" button.  Fill in as much information as you can think of
about the error or fix or other improvement, and click "Submit new issue".  In
particular, please make sure to tell us the chapter and page number (from the
PDF), or the web address of the text with the error.  We will try to respond
quickly.

## Note on licensing {#sec-license-note}

Please bear in mind that we have — with permission — released the book under
a [Creative Commons attribution / non-commercial
license](https://github.com/resampling-stats/resampling-with/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
In order to preserve our ability to keep using this license, we will assume
that you will accept that license for any fixes or improvements that you send
us.  If that is not true, please let us know in your issue or pull-request (see
below).

## More advanced — making a *pull request*

If you have some more time, and experience, you might consider sending us your
suggested changes as a *pull-request*.

As background, we have written this edition of the book in a set of simple
computer text files.  In these simple text file, we use conventions from
a protocol called [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) to indicate things like **bold** and *italic* formatting, links (like the one above), and other things.

We then use some software called [Quarto](https://quarto.org) to take the
collection of text files, and build them into the book — both in HTML (web
page) format, and in PDF format.

This is relevant, because we have stored all the text files and the
instructions to build the book at the Github repository at
<https://github.com/resampling-stats/resampling-with>.  If you have some
experience of using such repositories, we would be very grateful if you would
consider making a *fork* of the repository and making a *pull-request* from
this fork.  If you don't know what these terms mean, don't worry, and consider
submitting an issue instead (see above).

If you don't know these terms, and you are interested to learn, we suggest you use your search engine to look for "Github fork pull-request" (without quotes) to start your research.

Please have a look at the
[`README.md`](https://github.com/resampling-stats/resampling-with) file in the
repository for some instructions, and feel free to contact us to ask for help,
either by an issue (above) or by email.

If you do submit a pull-request, please note the comment above
(@sec-license-note) about the book license.
